Storybook: Reorganize design system introduction for first touch-point usefulness (#79360)
WordPress/gutenberg: storybook/stories/design-system/introduction.mdx

-   **Consistency by default**: Enforces a predictable admin experience across features without each team re-deriving the same layout patterns.

See the [`@wordpress/admin-ui` README](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/tree/trunk/packages/admin-ui) for API reference and usage guidance.

## Principles of the Design System

> While similar in scope to the existing [`@wordpress/components`](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/tree/trunk/packages/components) package, there are key differences:

Author: Eh, you're probably right, but I want to rewrite it anyways, retaining the purpose of the section being about its principles. Doesn't seem entirely confusing to me, but would welcome others' thoughts.

> While similar in scope to the existing [`@wordpress/components`](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/tree/trunk/packages/components) package, there are key differences:

Reviewer: A slight reframing might suffice for now, something like:

```suggestion
The design system is guided by a few principles that distinguish it from the existing [@wordpress/components](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/tree/trunk/packages/components) package:
```

(The contrast with wp-components is useful, but don't frame it as "a list of differences" and rather "the principles as contrasted to the other package".)

Author: I like this minimal rephrasing 👍 Thanks
